docs: remove my name from docs onboarding guide (#1021)
asyncapi/community: docs/onboarding-guide/docs-onboarding-checklist.md

- [ ] Familiarize yourself with the _work-in-progress_ [AsyncAPI Style Guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+style+guide).
- [ ] Read all docs under the following content buckets: `Concepts`, `Tutorials`, `Reference`. (Take the time to go through each tutorial.)
- [ ] Set up your local environment following our instructions for the [AsyncAPI git workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md).
- [ ] Introduce yourself in AsyncAPI Slack in the `#01_introductions` channel and the `#13_docs` channel. Ask docs-related questions in #13_docs.

> - [ ] Request a good first docs issue in the [`#13_docs` Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/share/enQtNjUxMTY4MzEzNTk4Ny0wYTU3OGI1MmM1YzQxMDY0OGUxY2JhZThkOGMwNDg4YjUzNjYwYjg5YTU0YzdiZjFhOGFkZjhlNmRkOTVlOTBj).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Request a good first docs issue in the [`#13_docs` Slack channel](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite).
```
